The blessings that I enjoy today
are so numerous.
I have a true inner sense
of joy and happiness.
I can’t help
but be appreciative,
so grateful for
all that Jehovah does.
But it wasn’t
always this way for us.
It was a dark world growing up.
I never knew
what being a child was like.
I was afraid
of who I would grow up to be.
I felt like I had no choice.
Then at a very young age,
I, as well,
started to partake of
what I saw going on around me.
I learned quickly that it helped numb
the feelings that I had.
Drugs were a way
to escape that.
I was in a lot of trouble
with the law.
I knew I needed change,
so I joined the military
at a young age.
Around my teenage years,
my life became difficult.
I started to turn to drugs and alcohol
and self-destructive ways,
but none of these things
were making me happy.
I was very lonely.
No one knew me;
no one cared to know me.
I felt so lost,
and I was trying
to fill this big hole in my heart
with so many things,
and none of it worked.
One of my many car accidents,
due to drugs and alcohol,
ended me up in jail
for 30 days straight.
I felt like a hopeless mess.
I just knew
something’s got to change.
So I joined the military,
thinking it was going to be
the positive great change
that I needed,
but it was not.
I remember
joining the military
hoping that it
would bring some sort
of authority into my life,
but I again started
to spiral
into my anger,
my alcohol and drug abuse.
The military decided
to let me out.
But during deployment
is where I met Holly.
Holly also got
out of the military,
and we started
to live a life together.
But we were still searching
for something to fill
the emptiness
that we both felt in our lives.
Jeremiah and I were both working
in a steel factory in Montana.
During this time,
I was being trained on a drill
by one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
a sister named Molly.
Molly said, “You’re
going to have down time
“on this machine,
maybe a couple of hours,
so feel free to read
whatever I have in my tool box.”
I opened it
and immediately
a little yellow book,
What Does the Bible Really Teach?,
caught my eye.
I loved the pictures.
The scriptures
at the beginning of the book,
they touched my heart immediately,
and I felt like,
‘These answer all the questions
I’ve been searching
for my entire life!’
Another sister came over,
her name was Cory,
and she said:
“Molly and I can come over,
“and we can talk to you
about the Bible tomorrow.
If you have any questions,
we’d love to answer them using the Bible.”
I said, “Yes, come over!”
I was a little bit
more apprehensive.
but this was finally
something very different.
And I realized what they were saying
came from the Bible.
I’d never seen that before.
They invited us
to the Kingdom Hall.
We went in,
everybody had their Bible,
had time to look
the scriptures up together,
and everybody was
so warm and inviting.
These were the people
I’d been searching for my entire life.
All of a sudden change
was possible.
We knew what changes
we needed to make in our life.
What we were doing,
our actions,
we had to clear out things
that Jehovah hates.
Like just going through
our house and deciding
what it is
that we need to get rid of.
By allowing the truth
to transform our lives,
Holly and I’ve received
many blessings,
and eventually we were able
to come here together and serve at Bethel.
We got the truth in a weld shop,
and now I get to weld
here in Jehovah’s house for him.
I perform maintenance
on water fountains,
refrigerators, coolers.
Being trained by the brothers
and sisters I work with
just helps me to refine
my Christian personality.
It’s so nice to know
that Jehovah
is looking down on us;
that he was able
to see through
all of the trash
that was there in our life.
He was able to find something
and decided to work with it.
And I really think of a scripture,
Psalm 145:19:
“He satisfies the desire
of those
“who fear him;
he hears their [cry] for help,
and [he] rescues them.”
Jehovah did that for us.
If you ask Jehovah
to display his hand in your life,
no doubt at all in my mind,
that will happen.